I went sup guys this challenge you
mention anyone here I want you to review
know this really good spring roll that I
eat when I go and have food it's called
it's called quite quick one Guan I'm
sorry I really I don't speak Vietnamese
I just copied this from the Wikipedia
but yeah you probably can see a good
Wikipedia yourself and figure out what
the summer oh they call it it's actually
when you do a randomized restaurant it's
called the spring world as a Lebanese
dish consisting a pork prawn which is
shrimp herbs rice for some le and other
ingredients the serve room temperature
it's not fried which is really good and
according to wikipedia is listed number
30 on the world's 50 most delicious
foods by CNN going to I'm loving mini
Brittany's restaurants here in the
United States serve this as an appetizer
or entree I guess so yeah let's so what
is a like quick gun or spring roll today
one forget it I have a video meat eating
food with music but I share this video
with you here's the sauce it's in a
peanut sort of flavor brown sauce
I think it's poison songs I'm not sure I
think it was but here's the wrap get to
the shrimp the the rice for Sommelier
heard the noodles this is the herbs the
chives the herbs are inside here not
those kind of herbs you're thinking
about the smoking
no these are the like you know solid
sort of type vegetables parsley I guess
those kind of herbs maybe let us say I
don't know but this is really good pork
their vegetables a nice personality
which is the pills and smell the herbs
it's herbal smell whatever you and when
they call it
I don't want has their version I'm
making spring rolls but no fire bullet
has been ever to make it taste as good
as the one they have in California and
they have this restaurant called 59.99
check that out if you're ever in
Southern California that's pretty much
it spring rolls click on usually come in
two three or four rolls but they're like
smaller in size this one's a really huge
row about 395 495 sort of we really get
worth the money if you don't think it's
enough we can order another one for
yourself how we do not say any one piece